There is a choice to make ref modality of the justnews system. We can 1) Collect the top X (10 - 15) news stories of the day, using the BBC as the baseline site for generally neautral and unbiased etc. Then use the other sources to provide additional information, fact-checking data, entities, quotes and opinion that balances bias and sentiment levels and provide detailed analysis of the accuracy, factuality, bias, sentiment and persuasive language os each source (by site and/or by journalist/author). This will conclude in the publishing of the new article on the justnews website. This provides for a large amount of data and analysis on the top stories of the day. 2) Collect the top X articles from numerous sites and then cluster them by topic/news story. This produces a list of the top stories based upon a global-reporting score. This will differ from the mostly BBC view and produce a more 'democratic' top news stories published to the justnews website. 3) We collect as many news stories as we can from as many sources as possible, for analysis and measurement against all the differing types of bias/sentiment etc and produce a website that is more 'academically' focused, more useful for research and fact/claims checking, bias and leaning of different sources and entities and so forth. This is also (I expect) going to produce over time, highly trained and skilled models that could be used for a multitude of purposes within the entire journalist/research eco-system. The main question we need to answer is which of the 3 options to target (or is it possible to interleave more than 1 or indeed all). Even if we could target all, we would still need to prioritise the development paths to ensure we have a functional e2e system with an alpha level end product as soon as possible. We also need to be very aware of resource requirements and provable system independance and neutrality. 